sweetie please see me such places when
they come out I'll go under you go over
yeah damn right on that Rach come on
yeah sure we won't get arrested for this
hi officer
cuz I gone a little too fast oh my god
bless your license please oh yes
absolutely you know it's weird but I had
a dream last night that I was stopped by
a policeman and then yeah well I
probably shouldn't tell you the rest you
license yes oh there you go officer uh
handsome
it's Hansen I'm sorry I'm stick dear
Lord
Wow here it comes
this is a great picture really you think
so you know I had just rolled right out
of bed yeah will you look phenomenal
well she should it was taken ten years
ago you know you're you're probably
probably wondering about the old date
yes I am you're an Aquarius huh I bet
you're a Gemini nope Taurus no Virgo
nope
Sagittarius yep no wait I'll tell you
what you're not you're speeding alright
I won't speed and you promise you get
this taken care of right away I promise
in the meantime you better let him drive
to see the license yeah can you handle
the stick oh well I can't handle it
you know what remind me to introduce you
to someone who fourth gear
but what is he born I wasn't doing
anything well maybe he saw your hands
slipped briefly from the tent into a
clock position maybe it's uh sergeant
Sagittarius coming back to flirt some
more
different guy good evening officer do
you know how fast you were traveling
back there uh no I don't but it could
not have been more than 60 you're right
it was 37 I mean you're not gonna give
me a ticket for driving too slow oh yeah
that's right hello officer I had the
weirdest dream last night your license
please what you don't you don't want to
hear about my dream
officer pretty
it's petty I'll be right back with your
ticket you have a son
no switch place with me switch place
with me yeah damn right on that yeah get
right on that
yeah I'm sure we won't get arrested for
this yeah I'm sure we won't get arrested
for this here it comes here it comes you
know I had just rolled right out of bed
you know I had just rolled right out of
bed I bet you're a Gemini nope I bet
you're a Gemini nope
in the meantime - in the meantime can
you handle the stick I can handle it
you promise you get this taken care of
right away you promise you get this
taken care of right away from the ten
into a clock position of the ten into a
clock position I had the weirdest dream
last night I had the weirdest dream last
night cuz I gone a little too fast has I
gone a little too fast
less your license please let's your
license please bless your license please
I probably shouldn't tell you the rest I
probably shouldn't say the rest I
probably shouldn't tell you the rest
well I'm wondering about the old day - I
wonder about the old date yeah probably
wondering about the old date yeah like a
speeding alright lacus feel all right
not just feeling alright you better let
him drive me better let and drive you
better let him drive does he have a
license to save our lives you save a
license you know what remind me to
introduce you to someone
you know what or let me to introduce is
someone you know what remind me to
introduce you to someone I mean you're
not gonna give me a ticket for driving
too slow I mean you're not gonna give me
a ticket for driving too slow I mean
you're not gonna give me a ticket for
driving too slow you don't you don't
want to hear about my dream you go you
don't want to hear about mind you you
don't you don't want to hear about my
dream uh here you go officer uh handsome
it's Hansen hope sighing I'm stick
officer pretty it's petty
you have a son
no sweetie please see me switch places
they come out I'll go under you go over
yeah damn right on that Rach come on
yeah sure we won't get arrested for this
hi officer coz I go on a little too fast
oh my god bless your license please
oh yes absolutely you know it's weird
but I had a dream last night that I was
stopped by a policeman and then yeah
well I probably shouldn't tell you the
rest you license yes oh here you go
officer uh Hanson
it's Hansen I'm sorry I'm stick dear
Lord
Wow here it comes this is a great
fiction really you'd think so you know I
had just rolled right out of bed yeah
will you look phenomenal well she should
it was taken ten years ago
you know you're probably probably
wondering about the old date yes I am
you're an Aquarius huh I bet you're a
Gemini nope
Taurus no Virgo nope Sagittarius yep I
knew it
I'll tell you what you're not going to
be more right I won't speak and you
promise you get this taken care of right
away I promise in the meantime you
better let him Drive does he have a
license yeah
can you handle the stick oh well I can't
handle
you know what remind me to introduce you
to someone who fourth gear
but what is he born I wasn't doing
anything well maybe he saw your hand
slip briefly from the ten in two o'clock
position
maybe it's sergeant Sagittarius coming
back to flirt some more
a different guy good evening officer do
you know how fast you were traveling
back there uh no I don't but it could
not have been more than 60 you're right
it was 37 I mean you're not gonna give
me a ticket for driving too slow oh yeah
that's right hello officer I had the
weirdest dream last night your license
please what you don't you don't want to
hear about my dream
officer pretty it's petty
I'll be right back with your ticket you
have a son I know